Jessica’s Sewing Horde
Hello my name is Jessica Young and this is my sewing horde. I have been sewing since I was around 8 years older and my sewing has greatly evolved over the years. I have had to get rid of many of my previous projects due to my move back in 2021. But here is a brief snapshot of my work

(un listed elements w/ pictures)
Sith cosplay for comic con 2020
img
1930s period dress (Work in progress)
img
Tapestry quilt from 2018 (Look close and you can see a woman)
img
Marvel Dress from 2019
img
Mad Hatter Coat from 2017
img
Letterman Jacket from 2018
img
Currently I am working on scaling up my sewing to work on making my own personal wardrobe and eventually long time cosplay.

Meet the Ladies (aka the Sewing Machines)
(Text wrap around to the right picture on the left)
(Listed Elements)
Antique
This baby is a recently acquired machine but she is my pride and joy. This is an Antique Singer sewing machine that is non-electronic from 1925 a type 127. This machine runs on leg power, requiring its foot pedal to be continuously pumped back and forth to make a stitch. These machines were mass produced but were sold throughout the United States. I acquired this from a neighbor who was moving and wanted to give her grandmother's machine to a good home. With a little love and a lot of oil, I restored this baby to her former glory. She is the most heavy duty of all my sewing machines, able to go through leather and fingers!
The New Kid
This is the great great grandkid of the Antique, the singer quantum stylist 9960. She is the newest of my sewing machines, an upgrade from her grandmother that is able to do every stitch in the book. This baby has all the bells and whistles of a modern machine, computerized sewing and it doesn't even need a foot pedal.There is now a button on the side of the machine you can press and it does all the work for you.
Oh brother
This was my first ‘big girl’ Sewing machine, my first sewing machine I could call mine.  I got this as a Christmas gift after my mothers old machine that I worked on bit the dust. This also has computerized sewing but it's not as fancy as the New Kid. It's my tried and true machine that I let others practice on since it is far more approachable to use. This one requires an electronic foot pedal which is pretty typical of most modern sewing machines.
The Cadillac
This baby is actually not a sewing machine, this is a serger. Serger machines are used in large clothing manufacturing and in day to day sewing. If you turn your shirt inside out and notice the stitching on the sleeves. (Include photo) that is a serger stitch. A typical stitch of a sewing machine looks like this (Include photo). The reason I call this bad boy my Cadillac is because this is my second serger. My first serger was a nightmare, it was super heavy, old and it was extremely hard to thread.Sergers are not sewing machines, but it is fair to say that they're a type of specialty sewing machine. A serger, sometimes called an overlocker, uses an overlock stitch that does not come on sewing machines. It uses three or more thread sources to create this overlock stitch and create a professional-grade binding for fabric. So these Machines can be very difficult to manage but this Babylock Celebrate serger has air threading. Air threading you just press a button and the machine threads itself. This was my first big purchase after my gaming laptop, which oddly enough I paid more for the surger.


Other items used in Sewing:
Sewing is not just sewing machines as the great Zac Efron once said “when i'm stylizing it's all about accessories”
	
	Now I have been invested in the sewing hobby for many years, my accessories are very important to what I do and of course my plans for the future. 

Scissors
Ginghers both pairs
Fiskars


Thread Ascetics
Lace

3D printer (Maybe link to youtube video about 3d printing in cosplay

My 3d printer in its short time with me has become my favorite piece of equipment, I have printed many objects not related to sewing but that is soon to change. With my original purpose of getting the printer being to build cosplay armor I quickly discovered that it has many ways to incorporate 3D printing into fabric. Here are some examples of other peoples projects combining these two fields

Street Wear Fashion 3d Printing
https://youtube.com/shorts/OZg6YnkrMe4?feature=share

Other types of 3d printing in cosplay:
https://youtu.be/CjH5KGw3Psw

The HORDE 
I like to think of this comic when I refer to a horde
https://www.deviantart.com/fishtrout/art/Istaria-Comic-Dragon-Hoards-829763756

Instead of frogs or gold mine would be fabric.
(Instert picture of fabric here)
